[oneDAL] Data management section (#141)
oneapi-src/oneAPI-spec: source/elements/oneDAL/source/data_management/table_builders.rst

.. _table-builders:

==============
Table builders
==============

> This section contains definision of classes that implement :ref:`table-builder`

Reviewer: misprint

concept.

-----------------------------------
Requirements on table builder types
-----------------------------------

Each implementation of :ref:`table-builder` concept in |dal_short_name| shall

> follow next requirements:

Reviewer: The style is discussed in tables section
Each implementation shall:
 - provide
- be
- provide method/member function

> follow next requirements:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
follow these requirements:
```

> 1. Provide an ability to create single :ref:`table` concept implementation.
>    Every builder shall be asocciated with a single table type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Provide the ability to create a single :ref:`table` concept implementation.
   Each builder shall be associated with a single table type.
```

> 2. Shall be stateful object, which state can be used to access data inside

Reviewer: comments from table apply here

>    builder via :ref:`accessors <Accessors>` or to create a table object.

Reviewer: stateful object whose state is used  to access

> 3. Shall implement :code:`build()` member function, that creates a new table

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Shall implement :code:`build()` member function that creates a new table
```

   object based on the current snapshot of a builder state.

---------------------------------------
Table builder types in |dal_short_name|
---------------------------------------

> |dal_short_name| defines a set of accessor classes each associated with single

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|dal_short_name| defines a set of accessor classes each associated with a single
```

:ref:`table` implementation.

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Table builder type
     - Description
   * - simple_homogen_table_builder_

>      - Allows to create :ref:`homogen_table` from standart containers.

Reviewer: Creates or builds table... from standar**d** 
what is container?

   * - simple_soa_table_builder_

>      - Allows to create :ref:`soa_table` from standart containers.

Reviewer 2: same typo: `standard`

.. _table-builders:

==============
Table Builders
==============

This section contains definitions of classes that implement :ref:`table-builder`
concept.

------------
Requirements
------------

Each implementation of :ref:`table-builder` concept shall:

1. Provide the ability to create a single :ref:`table` concept implementation.
   Each builder shall be associated with a single table type.

> 2. Be stateful object, which state is used to access data inside

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Be a stateful object, which state is used to access data inside
```
